The Learning Python with the Python Academy Workshop tries to keep you engaged in the
learning process over several weeks.
This approach helps to reinforce your understanding and retention of the material, while also
allowing you to interact with experienced instructors who can provide personal guidance
to help achieve your learning goals.
The attractive thing about this workshop is that it is a POSIT Academy course.
That means you'll learn by doing a six-week online apprenticeship with a POSIT mentor
and several co-apprentices.
You'll meet as a group twice a week to work through a realistic project and to get feedback
on your work.
At the first meeting each week, you'll have a chance to just work together and ask questions
with your mentor and your fellow students.
At the second meeting, you'll present your work to everyone else.
This meeting is not optional, but it's the place where you'll get the personalized
feedback that will help you become a better data scientist.
In between the meetings, we'll give you interactive tutorials that you can complete to learn the
materials for next week's part of the project.
As the project draws to an end, it'll be time for conference.
We'll see you there in person during the workshop days and we'll finish up the project
together.
I hope to see you there.
Hi, I'm Sisa Madhikari and I'm one of the content writers here at Academy.
Learning with Academy is both fun and effective.
Because the courses are spread over a couple of weeks, you never feel like you're drinking
from a firehose.
You have time to truly understand a concept before moving on to the next, but it is more
social than a purely online course.
You get to meet the same small group of students and mentor each week, so it's a more fun and
supportive way of learning.
Python has a thriving community of tools and packages that can be overwhelming for beginners.
At Academy, we strive to simplify the learning process by providing a more structured and
opinionated approach to learning Python.
Our focus is on teaching learners how to think about processing data, rather than just how
to write code.
This approach requires a longer engagement period compared to traditional workshops,
but provides learners with more flexibility to learn from each other about code approaches
and new packages.
As a result, learners can tap into the Python community with confidence and continue to
build on their data processing skills.